[select]
Select your card colour.

[white]
Do or drink, act out as many sexy positions as you can in 2 mins with your partner.
Do or drink, act out as many sexy positions as you can in 2 mins with the opposite sex.
Do or drink, gently massage your partner’s shoulders and neck for 5 minutes.
Do or drink, gently massage the shoulders and neck of the opposite sex for 5 minutes.
Do or drink, give your partner a lap dance.
Do or drink, give the opposite sex a lap dance.
Do or drink, hold hands with your partner and share what you love most about your sex life.
Do or drink, hold hands with the opposite sex and share what you love most about your sex life.
Do or drink, kiss with tongues with your partner for 30 seconds.
Do or drink, kiss with tongues with the opposite sex for 30 seconds.
Do or drink, lick and suck on your partners ear.
Do or drink, with the opposite sex lick and suck on their ear.
Do or drink, lick, suck and bite your partners feet.
Do or drink, with the opposite sex lick, suck and bite their feet.
Do or drink, massage your partners booty.
Do or drink, massage the booty of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, moan your partners name as loud as possible.
Do or drink, moan the name of an opposite sex as loud as possible.
Do or drink, pin your partners arms above their head and kiss along their neck.
Do or drink, pin the opposite sex arms above their head and kiss along their neck.
Do or drink, seductively suck your partners fingers.
Do or drink, seductively suck the fingers of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, straddle your partners lap, kiss their neck and talk dirty to them.
Do or drink, straddle the lap of the opposite sex, kiss their neck and talk dirty to them.
Do or drink, take a shot off your partners body.
Do or drink, take a shot off the body of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, tell your partner what turns you on the most.
Do or drink, tell the opposite sex what turns you on the most.
Drink if, you are the first to finish. (one per couple)
Drink if, you are the horniest.(one per couple)
Drink if, you have faked an orgasm. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have sent a dick/pussy pic. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have woke up in the middle of the night and fucked. (applies to all)
Drink if, you’d join the mile high club. (applies to all)
Drink if, you’ve been spanked. (applies to all)
Loser drinks, have a thumb war with your partner.
Loser drinks, have a thumb war with the opposite sex.
Loser drinks, Rock, Paper, Scissors with your partner.
Loser drinks, Rock, Paper, Scissors with the opposite sex.
Would you rather, bathroom or bedroom?
Would you rather, bathroom or kitchen?
Would you rather, bathroom or livingroom?
Would you rather, bathroom, bedroom, kitchen or livingroom?
Would you rather, bedroom or kitchen?
Would you rather, bedroom or livingroom?
Would you rather, fancy dinner out or cosy night in?
Would you rather, give or receive?
Would you rather, kitchen or livingroom?
Would you rather, morning sex or night sex?
Would you rather, romantic movie or dancing together?
Would you rather, top or bottom?

[red]
Do or drink, bend your partner over your knee and spank their arse.
Do or drink, bend the opposite sex over your knee and spank their arse.
Do or drink, bite the lip of your partner.
Do or drink, bite the lip of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, blindfold your partner, rub their pussy / cock and get them aroused.
Do or drink, blindfold the opposite sex, rub their pussy / cock and get them aroused.
Do or drink, blindfold your partner for the next two challenges.
Do or drink, blindfold the opposite sex for the next two challenges.
Do or drink, eat something sweet off the body of your partner.
Do or drink, eat something sweet off the body of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, finger your partner, put your finger in their mouth and tell them to suck it.
Do or drink, finger the opposite sex, put your finger in their mouth and tell them to suck it.
Do or drink, give your partner a titty wank.
Do or drink, give the opposite sex a titty wank.
Do or drink, kiss a part of your partners body where you want them to cum on when they finish.
Do or drink, kiss a part of the opposite sex body where you want them to cum on when they finish.
Do or drink, kiss your partner anywhere apart from on their lips.
Do or drink, kiss the opposite sex anywhere apart from on their lips.
Do or drink, lick and suck on your partners nipples.
Do or drink, lick and suck on the nipples of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, motorboat on your partners tits.
Do or drink, motorboat on the tits of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, you and your partner pleasure yourselves whilst maintaining eye contact.
Do or drink, you and the opposite sex pleasure yourselves whilst maintaining eye contact.
Do or drink, whisper in the ear of your partner the favourite thing your partner does during sex.
Do or drink, whisper in the ear of the opposite sex the favourite thing your partner does during sex.
Do or drink, spit in the mouth of your partner.
Do or drink, spit in the mouth of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, twerk on the face of your partner.
Do or drink, twerk on the face of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, whisper in your partners ear how you want the night to end.
Do or drink, whisper in the ear of the opposite sex how you want the night to end.
Do or drink, without using hands, remove their underwear leaving them completely naked.
Do or drink, without using hands, remove the underwear of your partner leaving them completely naked.
Do or drink, without using hands, remove the underwear of the opposite sex leaving them completely naked.
Do or drink, write on your partner's arse ‘Owned by [your name]'.
Do or drink, write on the opposite sex' arse ‘Owned by [your name]'.
Drink if, you are the better driver. (one per couple)
Drink if, you enjoy being choked. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have a foot fetish. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have had sex in a car. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have had sex in front of the mirror. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have hit it raw. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have orgasmed at the same time. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have swallowed their cum. (applies to all)
Drink if, you moan the loudest. (one per couple)
Drink if, you would have a pearl necklace. (one per couple)
Drink if, you would have a threesome. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would have sex in public. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would try role play. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would wear a butt plug. (applies to all)
Fantasy fulfilled, You are a model posing for a sensual photo shoot and your partner has to direct you. Play for 3 minutes.
Fantasy fulfilled, you are unable to pay your rent and your partner is your landlord, what solution can you come up with? Play for 3 minutes.
Loser drinks, arm wrestle with your partner.
Loser drinks, arm wrestle with the opposite sex.
Loser drinks, staring contest with your partner.
Loser drinks, staring contest with the opposite sex.
Would your partner rather, be in control or relinquish control? (Drink if wrong)
Would your partner rather, be tied up or tie up? (Drink if wrong)
Would your partner rather, blindfold or handcuffs? (Drink if wrong)
Would your partner rather, toys or no toys? (Drink if wrong)

[black]
Do or drink, bend your partner over a surface and play from behind.
Do or drink, bend the opposite sex over a surface and play from behind.
Do or drink, deep throat your partner and gag on his dick.
Do or drink, deep throat the opposite sex and gag on his dick.
Do or drink, do everything your partner says. Anything goes.
Do or drink, do everything the opposite sex says. Anything goes.
Do or drink, do whatever it takes to make your partner cum.
Do or drink, do whatever it takes to make the opposite sex cum.
Do or drink, eat your partners arse.
Do or drink, eat the opposite sex' arse.
Do or drink, eat your partner from behind.
Do or drink, eat the opposite sex from behind.
Do or drink, film yourselves doing your favourite sex position with your partner.
Do or drink, film yourselves doing your favourite sex position with the opposite sex.
Do or drink, finger your partner whilst she tells you everything she wants you to do to her.
Do or drink, finger the opposite sex whilst she tells you everything she wants you to do to her.
Do or drink, get on your knees and beg your partner for pleasure.
Do or drink, get on your knees and beg the opposite sex for pleasure.
Do or drink, have your partner act dominant for 3 minutes.
Do or drink, have the opposite sex act dominant for 3 minutes.
Do or drink, have your partner act submissive for 3 minutes.
Do or drink, have the opposite sex act submissive for 3 minutes.
Do or drink, lay your partners head off the end of the bed/sofa and fuck their face.
Do or drink, lay the opposite sex' head off the end of the bed/sofa and fuck their face.
Do or drink, lick your partners dick from the balls to the tip, sliding you tongue up and down his shaft.
Do or drink, lick the opposite sex' dick from the balls to the tip, sliding you tongue up and down his shaft.
Do or drink, lube up your partner and slide it in your arse.
Do or drink, lube up the opposite sex and slide it in your arse.
Do or drink, lube up and slide it in your partners arse.
Do or drink, lube up and slide it in the opposite sex' arse.
Do or drink, pin your partner up against the wall and fuck them from behind.
Do or drink, pin the opposite sex against the wall and fuck them from behind.
Do or drink, put your fingers in a hole of your partner and see how many fingers you can get inside.
Do or drink, put your fingers in a hole of the opposite sex and see how many fingers you can get inside.
Do or drink, sit on your partner's face.
Do or drink, sit on the face of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, sixty nine with your partner but eat each others arse.
Do or drink, sixty nine with the opposite sex but eat each others arse.
Do or drink, smack your dick on your partners clit.
Do or drink, smack your dick on the clit of the opposite sex.
Do or drink, suck on your partners balls and stroke his shaft.
Do or drink, suck on the opposite sex' balls and stroke his shaft.
Do or drink, swap between pain and pleasure. Give you partner light pain (spanking) and then give them pleasure (oral).
Do or drink, swap between pain and pleasure. Give the opposite sex light pain (spanking) and then give them pleasure (oral).
Do or drink, take a photo of your partner eating your pussy.
Do or drink, take a photo of the opposite sex eating your pussy.
Do or drink, take a photo of your partner sucking your cock.
Do or drink, take a photo of the opposite sex sucking your cock.
Do or drink, tie your partner up and pleasure them.
Do or drink, tie the opposite sex up and pleasure them.
Do or drink, try a new sex position with your partner that you’ve never done before.
Do or drink, try a new sex position with the opposite sex that you’ve never done before.
Drink if, you have a praise kink. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have used a household item as a sex toy. (applies to all)
Drink if, you have watched girl on girl porn. (applies to all)
Drink if, you like it up the arse. (applies to all)
Drink if, you love a finger in the arse. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would have a golden shower. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would make a sex tape. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would send a climax or cum shot video. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would try food play. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would try pegging. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would try swinging. (applies to all)
Drink if, you would wear a sex toy in public. (applies to all)
Fantasy fulfilled, pretend your partner has come for a massage at your parlour and see where things end up.
Fantasy fulfilled, you have been taken prisoner and your partner is your captive. Convince them to set you free.
Would they rather, be praised or be degraded? (Drink if wrong)
Would they rather, choke or be choked? (Drink if wrong)
Would they rather, dominate or be dominated? (Drink if wrong)
Would they rather, pain or pleasure? (Drink if wrong)
Would they rather, rough sex or slow and intense? (Drink if wrong)
Would they rather, tie up or be tied up? (Drink if wrong)

[toys]
Toys expansion cards coming soon.
